mysar-ng
========

MySQL Squid Access Report (new generation) ---> Clone off http://sourceforge.net/projects/mysar/


h1. MYSAR-ng Handbook

h2. Requirements:

<pre><code>Apache
Mysql
GCC</code></pre>

h2. Installation:

h3. 1- Install on APACHE:

h4. 1.1- Clone repository:

<pre><code>cd /opt ; git clone https://github.com/coffnix/mysar-ng.git
mv /opt/mysar-ng/mysar /srv/www/htdocs/</code></pre>

h4. 1.2- Copy file to apache conf dir:

<pre><code>cp /srv/www/htdocs/mysar/etc/mysar.apache /etc/apache2/vhosts.d/mysar.conf</code></pre>

h4. or configure manually:

<pre><code>Alias /mysar /srv/www/htdocs/mysar/www
<Directory "/srv/www/htdocs/mysar/www">
        Options Indexes MultiViews
        Options Indexes FollowSymLinks
        AllowOverride None
        Order allow,deny
        Allow from all</code>
<code></Directory></code></pre>

h4. 1.3- Restart apache:

<pre><code>/etc/init.d/apache2 restart</code></pre>

h3. 2- Install on MYSQL:

h4. 2.1- Create user and database:

<pre><code>mysql> create database mysar;
mysql> grant all privileges on mysar.* to mysar@'localhost' identified by 'mysar123';
mysql> flush privileges;</code></pre>

h4. 2.2- Import default database:
<pre><code>mysql mysar < /opt/mysar-ng/mysar.sql </code></pre>


h3. 3- Compile Binary importer

<pre><code>cd /srv/www/htdocs/mysar/bin/mysar-binary-importer/ ; make clean && make && make install</code></pre>


h3. 4- Configure your crontab

<pre><code>* * * * *      root    /usr/bin/mysar > /srv/www/htdocs/mysar/log/mysar-importer.log 2>&1
01 00 * * * root /srv/www/htdocs/mysar/bin/mysar-rotate-diario.sh</code></pre>


h1. Best practices

h2. turn off logs cache_object on SQUID:

<pre><code>acl manager proto cache_object
acl localhost src 127.0.0.1/32

log_access deny manager
http_access allow manager localhost</code></pre>

For more infos, please RTFM :D

Squid old: http://www.squid-cache.org/Doc/config/log_access/

Squid new: http://www.squid-cache.org/Doc/config/access_log/ 


